good afternoon all its Walter Martin
back to help you find some great deals
on used cars on the Internet and
preferably on Craigslist I just started
doing a little bit of research on
Craigslist Oregon and the different
options that are available so today I'm
going to do a little rundown in a how to
tutorial video on how to search
Craigslist Roseburg for used cars and
trucks so first of all you're going to
go to google.com and type in Craigslist
Rose burg or again and hit enter and the
first listing that's going to pop up is
Roseburg craigslist.org and go ahead and
click that link and it's going to take
you to the generic Craigslist page with
the search option on the left and the
close by Craigslist on the right and
plenty of options here to buy or sell
different items I always go to the for
sale section and click on cars and
trucks and this will take you to the
page that shows you your three options
and I always go to by owner only and
you're gonna find out why quickly you're
gonna see some extremely low prices
here's an ad that I immediately see for
a 97 Honda Civic for only thirteen
hundred and fifty dollars if you're
looking for a car just to get from point
A to point B and you don't care about
cosmetics this is a decent deal they say
sometimes it pops out of second gear but
it's been that way since it's been owned
so if you're a mechanic or you're good
under the hood you may be able to fix
that quickly it's only thirteen hundred
and fifty dollars so it's very difficult
to find a Honda Civic for longer than
that especially in 1997 Honda Civic and
this is what's great about Craigslist
you're gonna find all kinds of
affordable deals here's a old Plymouth
reliant of 1965 a lot of these old cars
will not run and you'll have to fix them
up or tow them but you may be able to
find one of them that will run this well
this particular one does not run they
want to trade it for a running vehicle
which is kind of why it's on the eight
hundred dollars but that being said if
you are good with car
you can get that thing up and running
quickly you can also find a lot of
trucks and SUVs on this particular
website here's an s10 pickup truck a
1986 for $1,900 you know it looks like
it's been kept in good shape honestly it
doesn't look to be a bad truck you might
want to check the miles might want to
check under the hood they're not willing
to make any trades for it they don't say
how many miles it has on it it and they
just want to call or text to be on the
phone number so but for a truck that's
been maintained rather well that's a
good option for under $2,000 you're
gonna find all kinds of other stuff like
here's an old Willys Jeep this should be
interesting
so this is a 1965 Willys Jeep that has
been maintained our 1956 rather that has
been maintained pretty well they have
all kinds of different parts in here
from different years but they're willing
to accept 3,100 not a bad price if
you're into that type of stuff you're
gonna find a lot of cars like a Chevy
Malibu I'm under Kord Honda Civic Toyota
Camry this vehicle doesn't look bad at
all
it's got 138 thousand miles on it and
it's only 2000 bucks it's actually the
owner's daughter's car and she wants a
small truck or car so they're willing to
look for a trade but not a bad price for
$2000 so this is just a few ways you can
search Craigslist and Oregon if you want
to put a min and Max in use this min and
max bar but remember to put something
more than a dollar in for the min
because if you put a dollar nothing in
for the min you're going to get a lot of
car parts car accessories tires and
stuff like that so I always put like
$400 or $500 in for the min and put
whatever you want to in for the max and
that'll that'll bring down the search
into more specific ranges rather than
you know 16 thousand dollar cars and 20
thousand dollar cars some of these newer
used cars can be expensive so if you're
looking for a certain price range put
that put it in this sum price area up
here on the upper left if you plan to
buy a car on Craigslist in Roseburg
Oregon please comment below and let me
know how
goes and also please like the video if
it is helpful